README.md, before:

![App Brewery Banner](https://github.com/londonappbrewery/Images/blob/master/AppBreweryBanner.png)


# Bitcoin Ticker 🤑

## Our Goal

The objective of this tutorial is to learn about using Cupertino and Material Widgets in parallel and providing a different user interface depending on the platform.


## What you will create

We’re going to make a crypto currency price checking app. By the end of the module, you'll be able to monitor your bitcoin investents on the move!

![Finished App](https://github.com/londonappbrewery/Images/blob/master/bitcoin-flutter-demo.gif)

## What you will learn

- How to use the DropdownButton Widget from Material design.
- How to loop through code using Dart for and for-in loops.
- How to use Cupertino Widgets in your app.
- How to check the platform your app is being run on to customise the UI for that platform.
- Revise previous concepts by completing the challenges.


>This is a companion project to The App Brewery's Complete Flutter Development Bootcamp, check out the full course at [www.appbrewery.co](https://www.appbrewery.co/)

![End Banner](https://github.com/londonappbrewery/Images/blob/master/readme-end-banner.png)

Commit message:

add link to class solution in readme

README.md, after:

# Flutter Bitcoin Ticker

This repository contains my code solution for the project described below.
The provided solution is
[here](https://github.com/londonappbrewery/bitcoin-flutter-final).

![App Brewery Banner](https://github.com/londonappbrewery/Images/blob/master/AppBreweryBanner.png)


# Bitcoin Ticker 🤑

## Our Goal

The objective of this tutorial is to learn about using Cupertino and Material Widgets in parallel and providing a different user interface depending on the platform.


## What you will create

We’re going to make a crypto currency price checking app. By the end of the module, you'll be able to monitor your bitcoin investents on the move!

![Finished App](https://github.com/londonappbrewery/Images/blob/master/bitcoin-flutter-demo.gif)

## What you will learn

- How to use the DropdownButton Widget from Material design.
- How to loop through code using Dart for and for-in loops.
- How to use Cupertino Widgets in your app.
- How to check the platform your app is being run on to customise the UI for that platform.
- Revise previous concepts by completing the challenges.


>This is a companion project to The App Brewery's Complete Flutter Development Bootcamp, check out the full course at [www.appbrewery.co](https://www.appbrewery.co/)

![End Banner](https://github.com/londonappbrewery/Images/blob/master/readme-end-banner.png)
